{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red131\green108\blue40;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c51200\c42300\c15700;\csgray\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c0;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15500\viewh9860\viewkind0
\deftab543
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs50 \cf2 \cb3 # \cf4 VirtualTourist- Capstone project 
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\f0\fs26 \cf4 This app allows users to specify travel locations around the world, and create virtual photo albums and places for each location. The locations, photo albums and places is stored in Core Data. The app uses the Flickr and Google Places API.\
\
\
the app does the following: \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Uses Core Data for persistence of Pins and Photos, with many photos related to a single pin\
- Uses both Flickr and Google Places API\
- Has collection view \
\cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Handles connectivity, network and parsing errors with appropriate error alerts
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Uses alert views
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf4 \
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 ## \cf4 Requirements
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb3 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Xcode 9
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Swift 4\
\
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 ## \cf4 User Experience\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 This app is best viewed on the iPhone screen sizes, although since it uses autolayout it will adjust to the iPad screen sizes.
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Virtual tourist app has two screen\
\

\f0\fs26 \cf4 <b>Map View:</b>
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf4 Allows the user to drop pins around the world. As soon as a pin is dropped the Photo data for the pin location is fetched from Flickr. The actual photo downloads occur in a seperate view controller from the photo album and map view controllers.\

\f1\fs24 \cf0 photos can be added to a pin by clicking on the desired pin. \
\

\f0\fs26 \cf4 <b>Photo Album View:</b>
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf4 Allows the users to download and edit an album for a location. Users can create new collections and delete photos from existing albums.\
If the pin was just created without photos related to it, then the app downloads photos using Flickr API.\
Users have the option of re-downloading a new collection to explore more photo options, and have the option to remove photos from the collection by tapping on the photos and clicking \'93Remove\'94\
\
but if the pin has photos related to it, then app displays these photos without having to download them again, with of course the option to remove or create new collection. \
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 ## \cf4 Improvements\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 \
Due to time constraint the app does not include NSUserDefault, nor does the app provide a unique idea or a different one from \'93virtual Tourist\'94 project #5.\
However, it was improved to meet the rubrics of the capstone project. \
\
\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 ## \cf4 Running Project\
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb3 \
\pard\tx543\pardeftab543\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Download project \
- Open VirtualTourist.xcworkspace
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 -\cf4 \cb3  Clean, Build and Run the project \
}